Mr. Gu
You've got a good idea
Let the interns attack
There's workplace harassment.
The story doesn't need to be scolded like you, get out of here, aunt
Girl, please be dismissed by the story
No business will accept me.
Mr. Gu, forgive me
Mr. Gu, you just need to stop asking
If you ask again, you will die
Mr. Gu, forgive me, Mr. Gu
Will you come with me?
Oh, no. He doesn't know about that night
Cut me into eight pieces
You hide deep
Mr. Gu, I know I was wrong
As long as you let me go
I quit immediately
Tube far
resign
The monthly salary of the secretary 20,000
No more, turn positive.
Well, what you just said is well hidden.
Are you articulate?
By the way, what did you just say to let me let you go?
I thought Mr. Gu had found me
Let me go away with Lin Qiao
I've always rewarded and punished
You're not wrong. But I don't like forcing people.
If you want to go
Also
Mr. Gu is also a good boss at work
Having a baby is smaller than opening
Why don't I save some money and run away
What are you cooing about?
I would like to become a regular.
Thank you Mr. Gu for your appreciation
I changed my mind quickly
I do it for money
I'm just short of money
20,000 can buy a lot of bags this month
And tidying up?
greedy for petty cheap?
You should know my rules.
I picked you to be my life secretary for a living
Secretary
Don't think crooked
It's just for you to share the work of the community
Of course I won't think too much about it.
Someone like me with a fiancé
I will never be a little bit of Mr. Gu
Hey, by the way, Xu Tezhu
Can you help me move the box down?
The gold secretary became a box carrier
I hope Mr. Gu will quickly transfer to a satisfactory life secretary.
OK
Smile, I'm going to get a raise for the transfer today.
Let's go out and celebrate
Never mind.
Don't let Jiang Yilin recognize Xu Tezhu
Ehut column